[Applause]
John Snow the king in the north and I'm
glad you're being a front fence because
this wasn't the only part KITT was in
the running for actually auditioning for
a couple of other characters on the show
which now that we know him is John Snow
is hard to imagine but the producers of
Game of Thrones Stan wise and David
Benioff gave us his audition tape and
this is exclusive this is great this in
anticipation of the season 7 premiere
this weekend the exclusive
never-before-seen Kit Harington screen
tests enjoyed Kit Harington auditioning
for Percy Lannister Chrissie seriously
yep Kit Harington Game of Thrones
audition take 1 then you play the game
of Thrones you win or you die
now if you'll excuse me I need to have
sex with my brother when women I do have
one more wait Kit Harington Game of
Thrones audition take two always talk
I'm a wittle girl who acts like a wittle
boy and I'm a killer with my little
sword left no wait wait one just one
more take freak you know nothing Jon
sorry take 4
[Music]
take five boy hello Carly would you like
to see my dragons white Walker Kit
Harington Game of Thrones auditions take
seven I've been accepted into the
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry
[Applause]
but what if you was
bell rings thanks for watching if you
liked that subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all the latest videos and if
you didn't subscribe anyway it's free
who cares